doc: matter: Extended low power configuration with ICD information (#13038)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

* Added:

   * Support for the Intermittently Connected Devices (ICD) Management cluster.
   * The Kconfig options :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_IDLE_MODE_DURATION`, :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_ACTIVE_MODE_DURATION` and :kconfig:option:`CONFIG_CHIP_ICD_CLIENTS_PER_FABRIC` to manage ICD configuration.
   * New device types:

     * Refidgerator
     * Room Air Conditioner
     * Dishwasher
     * Laundry Washer
     * Robotic Vacuum Cleaner
     * Smoke CO Alarm
     * Air Quality Sensor
     * Air Purifier

>      * Fan

Reviewer: I believe these should be added to the [Matter Data Model and device types](https://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF_Connect_SDK/doc/latest/nrf/protocols/matter/overview/data_model.html#matter-data-model-and-device-types) page.

Author: Yes, good catch, I forgot we have such page. I will update the list and push new change soon.

>    * Product Appearance attribute in the Basic Information cluster that allows to describe product color and finish.

Reviewer: Should this be mentioned on the above page as well?

Author: Sorry what do you mean by the above page, as I didn't get it?

Reviewer: The Data Model and device types page. Sorry, I was referring to my own comment.

Author: Ah ok I see. Then no, we do not mention the single attributes for the specific clusters.

Author: @wiba-nordic I updated the Data Model page. The devices descriptions are copy-pasted from the Matter spec, similarly to the already existing ones.

>    * Product Appearance attribute in the Basic Information cluster that allows to describe product color and finish.

Reviewer: Small improvement to this that I missed in my own review:
```suggestion
   * Product Appearance attribute in the Basic Information cluster that allows describing the product's color and finish.
```
